Feat: Added User Course to Courses section (#857)
rsksmart/devportal: courses/user-course.md

---
layout: rsk
title: Rootstock User Course
tags: rsk, faqs, help, support, course, rootstock, ambassador-program
description: "Welcome to the Rootstock User Course. Learn how to use and interact with the Rootstock blockchain network!"
render_features: 'collapsible'
---

Welcome to the Rootstock User Course.
Your pathway to becoming a Rootstock User.

This course aims to teach you how to use and interact with the Rootstock blockchain network.

This course is for a technical user, but does not require or involve any programming knowledge.

... and it is completely free!

<a href="https://rsk.thinkific.com/courses/blockchain-user/" target="_blank">
  <button class="orange-button">Become a Rootstock User</button>
</a>

## Who should take the course?

* Those who have a basic understanding of blockchain fundamentals
* Those who want to go from *knowing what blockchain is* to *using blockchain* in a practical way.

> > If you would like to learn how to write, test, compile, deploy, secure, and verify smart contracts using Solidity, there are plenty of other materials to learn from - including the [Rootstock Blockchain Developer Course](https://rsk.thinkific.com/courses/blockchain-developer/)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you *do* know how to code, we also suggest taking the
> [Rootstock Blockchain Developer Course](https://rsk.thinkific.com/courses/blockchain-developer/).
> There you'll learn how to run your own blockchain node, as well as
> write, test, compile, deploy, secure, and verify smart contracts using Solidity.
```

## What to expect

6 Modules of content.
Each module has the following types of material:

* Lab videos
* Explainer videos
* Quizzes

## Benefits of taking the Blockchain Developer Course

> * It's free!
> * You will receive a completion certificate at the end of the course
> * You will acquire knowledge of key concepts in the blockchain and crypto space
> * Qualify to become a Rootstock Ambassador (and earn rewards!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It's free!
* Receive a completion certificate at the end of the course
* Acquire hands-on experience on how to use blockchain technology
* Qualify to become a Rootstock Ambassador (and earn rewards!)
```

<a href="https://rsk.thinkific.com/courses/blockchain-user/" target="_blank">
  <button class="orange-button">Become a Rootstock User</button>
</a>

## FAQs

Here are some frequently asked questions about the
Rootstock User Course.

[](#top "collapsible")
- Are there any prior requirements for taking the course?
  > A: 

>   > A basic understanding of blockchain fundamentals. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > An understanding of blockchain fundamentals can be helpful, but is optional.
```

  > This course is focused on enabling the student to go from *knowing what blockchain is* to *using 
  > blockchain* in a practical way.
- Is there a time frame for completing the course? 
  > A:
  > No, this course is entirely self paced, and materials are available on demand.
- Where can I go for help?
  > A:
  > Go to the [Rootstock community slack](https://rsk.co/slack),

>   > and ask questions on the `#rsk-dev-course` channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > and ask questions on the `#rsk-user-course` channel.
```
